With that we covered what mixins are, how we can use them to share some code and to avoid code duplication
across components.
You saw that you can add all the features you have in a normal vue instance like lifecycle hooks, the data
property, computed properties, of course you could also share methods.
You also learned that you can add a global mixin but do that with caution and you learned that you
get a separate copy of this mixin for each component where you add it.
You also learned how it is merged together in case that you're setting some data or methods here in the
mixin that you also use in your component where you add it.
Now before mixins,
you also had a look at filters. You learned how to build filters with the vue filter command or by registering
them locally with the filters property,
you learned how filters transform data output in the template but also that there are some limitations and
that you want to consider computed properties for more complex operations so that they don't get run
all the time.
Overall, you want to use filters rarely, use computed properties instead and use mixins to share them.
And with that, I think we really really covered a lot,
we covered a lot of the core features vuejs offers us.
And next, I want to dive into animations, making our app a little bit more beautiful with some nice transitions
and animations before we then really go into the more advanced stuff like accessing http,
so reaching out to a server, using routing to really create a single page application, getting a better
state management with vuex to be able to build bigger applications
and then finally to build our final application and deploy everything.
I can't wait,
so let's start.